hey guys it's going on at salmon motek
videos.com today we're going to take a
look at the clean rom for the galaxy
note 2 on AT&T as this is booting up
here we'll talk a little bit about it
this is clean rom AC ii version which i
believe stands for all carrier edition
and this is indeed for all carriers when
you flash this rom for the first time
you use the aroma installer and you can
pick and choose which carrier you want i
have AT&T and that's what i chose and
you see LTE is working fine and it's
running great just put it on so i
haven't customized it at all as far as
putting on my apps and changing things
around but everything seems to be
working great it's very stuck look there
hasn't been any theming done you just
get a couple bare essential apps and you
can pick and choose in the aroma
installer some different apps to throw
in there that you might want or you
might not want in here so
multi toggle I believe it's the 25
toggles up here at the top and there's
an app in here that you can use to
customize those rearrange them and put
them in whatever order you want let's go
in the settings oops and this is running
I chose the stock kernel it's based on
the UCM a for build and it's a four
point one point to this is clean rum AC
e version four point nine point oh so
very stock it's just been cleaned up
gotten rid of all the bloatware it's
optimized for speed and stability this
is brought to us by Scott and his team
clean rom team so a great job
congratulations to them for putting out
this device there's also carrier
specific versions there's a clean rom
AT&T SE which stands for special edition
there's also a verizon clean rum SE so
if you want basic AT&T stock or basic
verizon stock you can flash that one and
it will work just perfectly for your
carrier so that is it guys there's not
much to show it is stock so you pretty
much know what you're going to get but
if you want a rom that is super stable
super optimized and runs great on your
device this is probably one to check out
well thanks for watching guys this is
Sam with mobile tech videos com I'll see
you next time